malasiya blog: 

Malaysia is my favourite destination to travel with kids.  The people are so friendly and welcoming of children that it is hard not to warm up to this country.  You can check out all our posts about Malaysia in our Malaysia travel blog below.

It is easy to travel around Malaysia. Many signs are in English and many people speak English as well.  We really had no dramas, whether we were catching a long distance bus or a taxi down the road. It is cheap (and more importantly, great value), there is a great cultural mix, lots of great food and there are many things to do in Malaysia with family.

The other big plus is that travel to Malaysia can also be surprisingly cheap, especially if you live somewhere that Air Asia flies! We regularly pick up the 8 hour flight from Melbourne – Kuala Lumpur for about AUD$250 return per person which is amazingly cheap. I have paid as little as AUD$99 each way.

Often it’s cheaper to buy two one way tickets if booking with Air Asia from Australia so this is worth a try too.

Travel within Malaysia can also be very cheap. Air Asia and other budget airlines often have sales and I have flown many places for only AUD$10 and we paid only $20 for the 4 of us to fly between Penang and Langkawi last year! Buses are also very good value and often a very high standard.

If you are wondering where to bring kids for a holiday in Malaysia, there are so many choices! We have visited Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Langkawi, Johor Bahru, Port Dickson, Kuching, Cameron Highlands and many other places with kids. All are great destinations for a Malaysia family trip.


Everywhere has been great, but Kuala Lumpur is our pick for the best place for a family trip in Malaysia.  We have just loved our stays here, partly because of staying in the fabulous Berjaya Times Square Hotel.  It has great prices for apartments and has so many facilities as well as a massive shopping center underneath.  Family travel really doesn’t get easier than this!  It does highlight how much the right accommodation choice can affect everyone’s enjoyment.


thailand blog:

Thailand was the first destination I decided to travel to solo. I island-hopped, explored Bangkok, and, as a young backpacker, ticked off a big bucket list item—partying until sunrise at the Full Moon Party. While that was back in 2011, it remains one of the most vibrant and beautiful places I’ve ever visited. Often referred to as the “land of smiles,” there is so much to offer travelers in this beautiful and bustling country.

Thailand is always welcoming, despite receiving hordes of tourists all year-round. Thailand’s majestic temples pull you in, and you can’t help but be drawn to the history of it all. Thailand’s pristine and turquoise waters are magical, warm, and incredibly photogenic which add the perfect touch to a dream holiday.

The best time to visit Thailand is in the dry season—from November to April, temperatures are cooler and you can expect picture-perfect days for outdoor activities. The only downside is that it’s also Thailand’s peak tourist season. Flights and accommodation prices increase and the beaches on Phuket and Krabi will be full of people.

If you want to avoid the crowds, plan your trip to Thailand between May and October. While you will have to contend with often daily, short-lived rainstorms, you’ll be rewarded with cheaper flights and lower hotel rates.

maldives blog:

At Experience Travel Group, we hope to help travellers unlock the true magic of the Maldives. Our experts know where to find the best of the best hotels, and what makes each one unique too (we all know that they can all look pretty similar online!). However, we’re also passionate about taking you beyond the beaches and the marine life, and diving into an all-too-often overlooked aspect: the local culture. We can combine your luxury Maldives holiday with an insight into true Maldivian life, whether it’s tasting authentic street food or hopping aboard a local fishing boat. You may also wish to combine the Maldives with Sri Lanka, or another South Asian country; we’d love to help with that too.

We want to help make your Maldives experience unforgettable. Our blog is where you’ll find many of our experts’ tips and advice based on their personal experience, plus inspiring stories from the destination. You’re welcome to browse and equally welcome to give us a call to start planning your own trip.

The Maldives conjure up images of pristine beaches, reef-ringed atolls, and luxurious bungalows on the water where lucky guests can observe fish through glass floors and jump into the sea from their balcony.

This island nation has always been on my “bucket list,” so when I decided to visit Sri Lanka and Dubai last month, the Maldives was a logical and obvious addition to my itinerary.

indonesia blog:

Indonesia is made up of a whopping 17,800 islands—something that would take you a lifetime to explore! It is also home to a vast range of fauna and flora as well as countless linguistic and ethnic groups, cultures, and incredible landscapes. I can’t emphasize enough how much you need to visit (and spend time in) this beautiful country!

I have frequented the island of Bali, visited the dragons of Komodo Island, trekked to the peak of the Kelimutu volcanic lakes, explored the island of Lombok, and went scuba diving throughout the Gili Islands and Raja Ampat. Indonesia has some of the most pristine underwater landscapes and marine life—if you like diving (whether avid or advanced), Indonesia is bucket-list status.

The best time to travel to Indonesia is during the dry season! From May to September the days are hot, dry, and there’s not a rain cloud in sight. You’ll have excellent weather for scuba diving, hiking, and lazy days at the beach.

Indonesia’s wet season is from October to April, but it’s still a beautiful time to visit parts of the country. While there are intense tropical downpours almost daily, the showers only last an hour or two and won’t ruin your entire day. If you don’t mind the less than perfect weather, you’ll find cheaper hotel rates, airlines drop their prices, and there are fewer crowds at the top attractions.


